Copyright 2022-2023 Raducanu George-Cristian 321CA
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
HOMEWORK 2 "POO TV"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
    This program implemented in Java is a small model of a
mini streaming platform, that offers the option to navigate
through pages, corresponding to different actions. The
implementation is modular, making use of the Singleton
pattern.
    The input data is read using the classes from the "input"
packet. The database is implemented using the pattern mentioned
above, due to the fact that the hierarchy of classes should have
a global access to it.
    After retrieving the data, the users and movies are inserted into
the database we work with.
Then we iterate through the actions, calling their corresponding
methods.
    There are separate classes and methods for each type of action.
The ChangePage and OnPage classes take care of the main commands that
the user applies.
    The current page is stored in order to check whether a page switch
is valid. According to the requirements, the first initial state of the
page is "homepage". The current user is null due to the fact that
no user is logged in.
    All methods have corresponding parameters which are independent one from
another. The program in my design revolves around the "currentPage" class.
It contains the page name, the current user, the movie list and of course,
the current movie. These details ares very helpful for determining the state
of the page we are on, in order to keep track of the allowed operations.
    For each "on page" action the pattern consists of checking if we are in a
correct state, otherwise we return a corresponding error. If all the conditions
are correct we continue with the processing of the database finally displaying
the result in the json format.
    The "change page" commands have smaller complexity. The first step is
checking that the right conditions are satisfied and then proceeding with
the page switch using the singleton changePage.
